# Using Matplotlib-Python to Compare the Performance of Pharmaceutical Drugs
[Back to Portfolio](https://github.com/cindyd97/Data-Analysis-Portfolio-Cindy)
### Description:
The script prepares the data by importing the datasets and merging them into a single Dataframe to display the unique mice IDs. The next step includes cleaning the dataframe by removing duplicate mice IDs. A summary statistic is generated that includes a row for each drug regimen  as well as a column that displays: mean, median, variance, standard deviation, and SEM of the tumor volume. Bar charts are created where one is created using pandas and the other is created using pyplot. Pie charts are created where one is created using pandas and the other is created using pyplot. The analysis also includes finding any outliers using a box plot that shows the distribution of the final tumor volume for all the mice in each treatment group. A single mouse was selected that was treated with Capomulin to track the tumor volume over time using a line chart. For the same mouse, a scatter plot was generated to observe the mouse's weight vs. average observed tumor volume. A linear regression model is created based on the scatter plot to calculate the correlation coefficient. 

### Language:

Matplotlib and Python

### Data Source:

Data generated by MockarooLinks to an external site., LLC (2022). Realistic Data Generator.

### Details:

- [Mouse dataset](https://github.com/cindyd97/Comparing_Pharma_Drug_Performance/blob/main/homework%20material/Mouse_metadata.csv)
- [Study Results dataset](https://github.com/cindyd97/Comparing_Pharma_Drug_Performance/blob/main/homework%20material/Study_results.csv)
- [Python Script](https://github.com/cindyd97/Comparing_Pharma_Drug_Performance/blob/main/homework%20material/pymaceuticals_starter.ipynb)
